consortium
curated
discretionary
Jimmy Nelson
Robin Morgan
drexel uni
forensic
intransigent
tripod
Ethiopia
whack
lift restrictions
Unprecedented stimulus
bumper deficit
nucleic acid test
stifle
overhaul
If we fail to develop a national coordinated response, based in science, I fear the pandemic will get far worse and be prolonged, causing unprecedented illness and fatalities

While it is terrifying to acknowledge the extent of the challenge that we currently confront, the undeniable fact is there will be a resurgence of the COVID19 this fall, greatly compounding the challenges of seasonal influenza and putting an unprecedented strain on our health care system.

"Without clear planning and implementation of the steps that I and other experts have outlined, 2020 will be darkest winter in modern history."

elusive
emit
droplets

the rate spiking a full percentage to 6.2%
impending eco downturn


https://www.smh.com.au/world/north-america/nasa-mission-to-save-the-world-may-cause-artificial-meteor-shower-20200514-p54stj.html?js-chunk-not-found-refresh=true

asteroid

The goal is to nudge the orbit of its target object ever so slightly, a practice run to see if we could divert an asteroid from a catastrophic impact with our planet in the future.

debris
minuscule
peril
wreckage

The seizure represents a significant escalation in the investigation into whether Burr violated a law preventing members of Congress from trading on insider information they have gleaned from their official work.

 hit hard by the plunging market

 The $2.4 billion retailer also defied analyst expectations of a drop in sales

 We see the success of the placement as a clear endorsement of Breville’s strong and resilient business

 buoyant
 Despite the buoyant trade figures, Breville will implement a number of cost savings measures, including reducing marketing expenses and has also refinanced $373 million in debt facilities.

 rally

 hit the market's rally

 symptoms with toxic shock and Kawasaki disease including fever, rashes, swollen glands and, in severe cases, heart inflammation

 sydrome
 stern

 On a sunny late afternoon this week, there were scores of runners and walkers on narrow stretches of path while two seemingly inexperienced cyclists rode fast laps.

 scenic

 influx

 It will spoil the view of one of the most emblematic landscapes of France immortalised by Cézanne and is also very damaging for local biodiversity and questionable as an energy source

 We consider there is far more to lose than gain from this project. The unique beauty of this majestic landscape is today gravely under threat.

 appalling
 patron

 Trump's boasting about how his border wall is supposedly helping protecting American against the virus is a joke.

 dormant

 overhaul

 magic up extra capacity

 scan·dal·ous
/ˈskandləs/

causing general public outrage by a perceived offense against morality or law.

 ignoring the structural weaknesses of record household debt, poor productivity, flat wages, mounting underemployment and job insecurity, unfunded longer-term spending commitments (especially personal tax cuts, the NDIS, defence and infrastructure), and crippling costs of living
 
 ambuscade
 
   inexorably

  blunder

  belligerent

  tepid

  harness its natural advantages and wean off its reliance on coal and gas export revenues

  discern

  swerve

  nebulous

  dubious

  China’s decision to impose a national security law on Hong Kong has spurred speculation of capital flight and an erosion of the city’s status as an international financial center. 

  Nasdaq-traded JD.com Inc. and NetEase Inc. are planning secondary listings in the city next month, following a trail blazed by Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. in November.

  The coronavirus has exacerbated tensions between Washington and Beijing, while scandals such as fabricated sales at Luckin Coffee Inc. have spurred politicians to push for tighter regulation, giving Chinese companies an incentive to list elsewhere.
  
  municipality

  curtail

  pummel

  authoritarianism

  petulant

  It doesn’t take a criminal mastermind to dismantle a democratic system; one petulant leader and a compliant governing party is enough.

  animosity

  amenable

  retaliate

  rebuke

  collapsing global trade flows

  erratic
  
  “U.S. politicians call riots in other countries ‘a beautiful sight,’ they ignite flames everywhere and wish the world to be in chaos,” state broadcaster CCTV said separately in a commentary Saturday. “But when the minority groups in their own country are fighting for legitimate rights, they cannot wait but to crackdown harshly. Such hypocritical double standards are truly disgusting.”

  quell the protests

  concussion grenades

  curfew

  brutality

  portray

  eschewing the soothing role

  strident
  
  Ties went into free-fall earlier this year after Canberra’s call for the virus probe, a move that bruised China’s pride and unleashed a torrent of criticism that Australia is a puppet of the U.S. China has accused Australia of souring bilateral ties by interfering in its internal affairs, including criticism of Hong Kong’s national security legislation and the internment of Uighurs, a Muslim ethnic group living in Xinjiang.
  
  Zhao is closely associated with “Wolf Warrior” diplomacy, a more confrontational approach named after a nationalistic Chinese action film series of the same name. The Wolf Warriors have come to the fore amid debates about China’s early efforts to contain the coronavirus and policies to suppress human rights in places like Hong Kong and the predominately Muslim region of Xinjiang.
  
  Relations have been fraught since 2018
  
  repugnant

“The report notes that the distorted culture was embraced and amplified by some experienced, charismatic and influential non-commissioned officers and their proteges who sought to fuse military excellence with ego, elitism and entitlement,” Campbell said.

defiance

reprieve 缓刑

exasperation 恼怒
The exasperation reached the highest levels of the administration of President Donald Trump, who signed an executive order in November requiring investors to pull out of Chinese businesses deemed a threat to U.S. national security. 

 The NYSE’s back-and-forth moves have also sown deep confusion in global financial markets.
 
 Investors, exchanges and indexes had been clamoring for more details on the executive order after the Treasury Department took six weeks to issue additional guidance.
 
 kerfuffle 吵鬧；混亂，騷動   noise, excitement, and argument
 
 The trio of companies lost more than $30 billion in market value in the final weeks of 2020 as investors pulled back following Trump’s order, then shed as much as $12 billion more as their American depositary receipts tumbled Monday on the NYSE’s decision to delist them. 
 
slip, slump, tumble

Trump’s administration has ramped up its attacks on China

https://www.bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2021-03-29/some-advice-for-h-m-and-others-caught-up-in-china-s-war-of-words-over-xinjiang

excruciating
evaporation
fray
predicament
ideological interests
kerfuffle 
netizens
The ensuing outrage, fanned by state media, sparked calls for a boycott of H&M.
Its products evaporated from searches on online shopping sites, its store locations couldn’t be found on map apps, and some of its stores were shuttered by their landlords.
coerce
conglomerate
temerity
obliterate
Perhaps that’s because Nike accounts for more than a fifth of the Chinese sportswear market, and thus a tremendous amount of jobs and sales.
reprieve
reap benefits in China on the one hand and smear China on the other.
Other Western brands like Nike Inc. and Adidas AG have also drawn consumer ire for their pledges not to use Xinjiang cotton, but H&M appears to have suffered the brunt of the fallout after the statement was called out by the Communist Youth League and the People’s Liberation Army. 
brunt
reprisal
appease
unilateralist 
multilateral 
phosphate  
phosphogypsum 
looming 
uranium 
meddle


